before we begin let me start by saying
if you in a hurry but you need to catch
up on all the Skywalker drama this video
is for you I'm about to chop this born
chunk of chitlins down from more than
two and a half ounces just a few minutes
the stars of our movie today ah quiet
gonna need to learn way to keep his
mouth shut
obey want to come a lay up actually
laying in this movie but while I'm on
the topic get your mind out the gutter a
teenager who ought not be flirting with
this child a child who ought not be
trying to pick up all the women and guns
old playing house tour begins sixteen
years after the last Star Wars movie
came out with the same damn scrolling
back store text god forbid a
decade-and-a-half spawn some originality
or new concepts but I guess if it ain't
broken don't fix it because can you
imagine me saying something like hi
welcome to meth my name is Jeff and
today we're gonna talk about Star Wars
that would just feel so wrong but as far
as the plot goes all it's saying is that
even in the Star Wars universe you can
just pick any random time period and
people are still fighting the same dumb
political battles bla story really
begins with these two sexy space monks
who have literally devoted their lives
of the study of peace building this chip
to try and make peace with some Cooper's
sons of bits who would love the word
peace if it was spelled mo and ey oh I
think Luke is trying to make a little
statement about greed in this movie I
mean I know he waited until he was
already a millionaire from the franchise
but better late than never back in the
corporate control room DS Tolls find out
that the Jedi are on the ship and
they're like they're here to make peace
kill them should I be scared of peace
too for look that bad well peace we'll
just have to live to fight another day
Oh Jar Jar you sure are a sight for sore
eyes don't get too emotional though you
still dumb as hell
Lord Jesus a whole 12 minutes in and
Josh I was already trying to swear
wookie life-debt to somebody just shut
the hell up and get us away from the
damn laser fire before we say end up in
deep doo-doo and I guess Jedi just walk
around with we might have to seek
shelter in a lost city of Atlantis rip
off alien city of survival kids where
they keep them and they underpants
we shall know what you hear that's fine
this place stink like fish where it take
to make you to leave a sub will be nice
this ring up King
Gill's well that was easy and they
almost get eaten twice in both times
they get saved by bigger fish in the
capital city they meet with Padfoot
armadillo and the Supremes
that's code for the Queen and her
stand-ins then more political book bit
in Jedi bad sorry oh my god in the
middle of a space fire fighting the
shields are down
none of the droids are gonna be able to
repair the ship except the one we can
mark it as a pillow
backpack nightstand spatula and all that
apparel ooh
and I made Allah's body double nose
Padme is the real queen but out of all
the servants she tells pad maid to clean
out to d2 to get back at Oh for all the
dumb Sarah she sent her on in the past
and can't we just get where we're trying
to go what if the damn hoopty breaking
down just trying to get the cars on on
the Fantastic Voyage but how we gonna
get there we ain't got no ship full
breaking down on the same damn planet we
visited three [ __ ] times in the
series now i hate's and its cost and
rough and irritating and it gets
everywhere especially in your underpants
well while here might as well pick up
and often I feel bad for this kid
not because of his spit show of a life
but because the actor who played him
said playing Anakin ruined his real life
I guess you shouldn't force your
children into entertainment mama
oh it Padme scoping out her underage for
you to hub it I'm just saying if the
genitals were reversed y'all think that
was creepy and there's a sandstorm
coming look mom this is my future wife
the available stuff from the get-go plot
twist Darth Vader mate c-3po because
these movies wouldn't have worked if
they hadn't constantly poked at your
nostalgia and qui-gon finds out that
little Lainey is the Jedi equivalent of
Jesus born of the virgin Shmi or that
could be some bold she's just telling
him because Annie's daddy never came
back from the stove I guess we'll never
know what mischief Shmi was up to so to
get the pots they need to repair the
ship they ask little Andy to enter a pod
race and win them some dough doesn't
seem like a very Jedi thing to do but
I'm sure there's a rule about us
somewhere
aha right here and the how to be a Jedi
Without Really Trying handbook rule
number 17 thousand two hundred sixty
four you may endanger a child's life to
get some money to repair your ship if
you are out of luck and all jolly wealth
but only if say
child is the chosen one who grew up to
turn into the side of evil and will
proceed to slaughter innocent little
Jedi who are about the same age as he is
right now
damn robots your specific and qui gonn
says I'm checking your blood for
infection and I'm like okay dad's not a
comlink
that is a Gillett sense of Excel razor
so what I'm trying to tell y'all is if
you Paul and live near a junkyard grow
big beard and you too can be a Jedi and
this is Darth Maul he's the only
character to escape this move without
getting any County on him and there's a
long race skip then any sets to delude
Mamu and hide it to the jeddak I mean
Jedi what Duke is he right dad saying
you escaped Taccone if so forget I said
anything
damn quark oh why don't you just saw you
in an oft lead a little bit of infants
damn self
little child screaming qui-gon sir away
I'm tired
shiri is this the life you want for your
Little Orphan Annie run through the
desert screaming trying to catch the
babysitter dodging sit loads on silly
looking flying mopeds when they get back
to Khorasan
Amidala puts on a kimono meets with
Palpatine qui-gon and obi-wan meet with
the Jedi Council without changing
clothes including their underpants and
we find out two stacks Edwards has
treated his good fellows pennies for a
Jedi robe of his own more political blah
blah hoo-ha and who the hell today scalp
to make that pigtail headdress for the
Queen and how much Aqua Net did it take
then the Frog skulls any for being human
and what about this wig definitely three
cans the Jedi company Martha and the
Vandellas back to Naboo and would the
real Amidala please stand up then I got
an army of judges to help fight the
Trade Federation and did you know
weebles wobble weebles wobble weebles
wobble but they don't fall down pew pew
boom boom blah blah blah me and this
goes on for something like thirty
minutes or something I don't know and
Amidala wouldn't have been safe under
that big hairspray helmet decoys don't
make no damn sense it's a real queen out
there Jedi fronting then Darth Maul
since qui-gon up to the spirit in the
sky is where Jedi go when they die
[Music]
so obi-wan and Darth Maul have a little
stand down and then obi-wan does a
little slip in to do down Anakin blows
up a big ship the droids croak and
obi-wan slices Darth Maul in half that's
bad and then obi-wan holds his dying
master while qui-gon tells him to train
the junkyard baby so he can grow up and
destroy the Jedi the end be sure to LIKE
share and subscribe for your regular fix
of meth also if you desire in your heart
please consider helping me keep this
channel alive with a contribution to my
patreon for movies explain fall I'm Jeb
die now let's see if I can make more
Star Wars videos faster than they can
make new movies